difft: add page (#12598)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/difft.md

# difft

> > Difftastic is a structural diff that understands syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compare files or directories based on the formatting of the text.
```
```suggestion
> Compare files or directories based on programming language in use.
```

> > Difftastic is a structural diff that understands syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Compare files or directories based on the syntax of the programming language.
```
I liked your fist suggestion, but IMO "formatting of the text" is a bit vague in this context, what about this?

> > More information: <https://difftastic.wilfred.me.uk/introduction.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> See also: `delta`, `diff`.
> More information: <https://difftastic.wilfred.me.uk/introduction.html>.
```
I think there are more pages that document similar tools.

- Check files or directories for changes:

`difft {{path/to/original_file_or_directory}} {{path/to/new_file_or_directory}}`

- Only report if there are changes between the source code files:

`difft --check-only {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

> - Show changes in different display modes (default mode is `side-by-side`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specify the display mode (default is `side-by-side`):
```
I removed the "word" for consistency with the page itself.

`difft --display {{side-by-side|side-by-side-show-both|inline|json}} {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

> - Ignore comments when diffing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ignore comments when comparing:
```
This is a more natural word for people unfamiliar with the tech context.

`difft --ignore-comments {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

> - Turn on syntax highlighting of source code on or off (default is `on`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable/Disable syntax highlighting of source code (default is `on`):
```

`difft --syntax-highlight {{on|off}} {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

- Do not output anything at all if there are no changes between files:

`difft --skip-unchanged {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

> - Print all the languages supported by difftastic, along with their extensions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print all the languages supported the tool, along with their extensions:
```
We avoid mentioning the name of the tools in the pages

Author: Should be `by the tool`

# difft

> Compare files or directories based on the syntax of the programming language.
> See also: `delta`, `diff`.
> More information: <https://difftastic.wilfred.me.uk/introduction.html>.

- Compare two files or directories:

> `difft {{path/to/original_file_or_directory}} {{path/to/new_file_or_directory}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft {{path/to/source_file_or_directory}} {{path/to/target_file_or_directory}}`
```

Author: Source and target makes sense when transferring or copying files from one location to another. For diff, I don't think it is ideal.

Author: Done, used `path/to/file_or_directory1` and `path/to/file_or_directory2`

- Only report the presence of differences between the files:

> `difft --check-only {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft --check-only {{path/to/source_file}} {{path/to/target_file}}`
```

- Specify the display mode (default is `side-by-side`):

> `difft --display {{side-by-side|side-by-side-show-both|inline|json}} {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft --display {{side-by-side|side-by-side-show-both|inline|json}} {{path/to/source_file}} {{path/to/target_file}}`
```

- Ignore comments when comparing:

> `difft --ignore-comments {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft --ignore-comments {{path/to/source_file}} {{path/to/target_file}}`
```

- Enable/Disable syntax highlighting of source code (default is `on`):

> `difft --syntax-highlight {{on|off}} {{path/to/original_file}} {{path/to/new_file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft --syntax-highlight {{on|off}} {{path/to/source_file}} {{path/to/target_file}}`
```

- Do not output anything at all if there are no differences between files:

> `difft --skip-unchanged {{path/to/original_file_or_directory}} {{path/to/new_file_or_directory}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`difft --skip-unchanged {{path/to/source_file_or_directory}} {{path/to/target_file_or_directory}}`
```

> - Print all the languages supported by the tool, along with their extensions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print all programmjng languages supported by the tool, along with their extensions:
```

At a first glance, "language" alone can be confused with "idiom"

Author: Typo, fixed in change below applying your suggestion.

> - Print all the languages supported by the tool, along with their extensions:

Author: ```suggestion
- Print all programming languages supported by the tool, along with their extensions:
```
